Add instructions on how to check preview of built docs (#140)
napari/docs: docs/developers/documentation/index.md

Alternatively, when you submit your pull request, the napari docs repository
continuous integration includes a GitHub action that builds the documentation
and saves the artifact for you to preview or download. This is another way to check that

> your built documentation looks as you expect. To check out the built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your built documentation looks as you expect. To view the built
```
`check out` is fine, but I worry about crossing mental wires with `git checkout`
